Today, I'm going to teach you how to
make a man's spend money on you. Number
one, you need to make sure that he
actually has the means to do so and he
wants to do so. Make sure he is rich and
generous. Many men, they have the money,
but they don't want to spend it. And
others, they want to spend it, but they
don't have the money. Number two, find
out what his love language is. If his
first two love languages do not include
acts of service and gift giving, run.
He's not going to spend anything on you.
And then you also want to find out what
he wants to receive in terms of love
language. Usually, it's physical touch
or words of affirmation. Then comes the
next point. Number three, stroke and
feed his ego. And you do that by knowing
what his love language is. You keep on
reinforcing that over and over again.
That might take some time, but it's
going to be worth it. And the way you do
that, for example, sending him pictures
that you do not share anywhere else, and
including him in making decisions for
you. You're asking what type of nails he
would prefer, what color he wants to see
on you, what type of dress you should
wear for that date, and then you can
send him options of the dresses you
would want him to get you. He says he
wants you to wear a short black dress.
You're going to product checking out
which type of black short dress you
would want, and then you send it to him.
Now, he has the option to send you the
money to get the dress. And number four,
most importantly, live the lifestyle you
want him to spoil you with. This means
you cannot ask a man to get your Birkin
bag if you do not already have the means
to get yourself a Birkin bag. If you
want him to invite you to Nobu, invite
yourself to Nobu first. You have to have
those experiences already without him,
so he can come into your life and give
you those experiences and even more. If
you want more lessons like this,
download my best-selling ebook The Queen
Treatment. You will find the link in my
bio.